Data_Catalogue/README.md, before:

# Data Catalogue

Mains sources of the data:
- The data of air pollution (PM10, SO2, NOx) of 30 major cities are obtained from the China Statistical Yearbook (CSY) (http://data.stats.gov.cn/english/publish.htm?sort=1)
- The data of control variables are obtained from the China City Statistical Yeabook (CCSY)(http://data.cnki.net/yearbook/Single/N2019070173)
- There are some missing data which is imputed by using interpolation, extrapolation and last observation carried forward (LOCF)


In case you need it, here is the Python code to make the table below

```python
path = "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KubiaPXH/Memoire-M1/" \
"master/data/final_air_pollution_30cities.csv"
pd.read_csv(path).dtypes.to_frame().assign(
    label = '',
    source = '',
comment = '').reset_index().rename(
columns = {'index':'variable', 0:'types'}).to_csv('data_pm_china_10_17.csv',
                                                  index = False)
```



## Data table

| variable        | types   | label | source | comment |
|-----------------|---------|-------|--------|---------|
| city            | object  |       |        |         |
| year            | int64   |       |        |         |
| PM10            | int64   |Annual Average Concentration of PM10 (µg/m3) | CSY  |         |
| SO2             | int64   |Annual Average Concentration of SO2 (µg/m3)  | CSY  |         |
| NOx             | int64   |Annual Average Concentration of NOx (µg/m3)  | CSY  |         |
| pop_density     | float64 |Population Density (number of persons/sq.km) | CCSY |         |
| GRP_pc          | int64   |Regional GDP Per Capita (yuan)               | CCSY |         |
| second_industry | float64 |Percentage of 2nd Industry in GDP (%)        | CCSY |         |
| gas_supply      | int64   |Total Gas Supply (10000 m3)                  | CCSY |         |
| green_coveraged | float64 |Green Covered Area as % of Completed Area (%)| CCSY |         |
| post            | int64   |Dummy Variable (1 if year >= 2013 (implemented year))|      |         |
| key_regions     | int64   |Dummy Variable (1 if city is belong to 3 key regions)|        |         |

Commit message:

Add some comments for Dummy variable

Data_Catalogue/README.md, after:

# Data Catalogue

Mains sources of the data:
- The data of air pollution (PM10, SO2, NOx) of 30 major cities are obtained from the China Statistical Yearbook (CSY) (http://data.stats.gov.cn/english/publish.htm?sort=1)
- The data of control variables are obtained from the China City Statistical Yeabook (CCSY)(http://data.cnki.net/yearbook/Single/N2019070173


In case you need it, here is the Python code to make the table below

```python
path = "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KubiaPXH/Memoire-M1/" \
"master/data/final_air_pollution_30cities.csv"
pd.read_csv(path).dtypes.to_frame().assign(
    label = '',
    source = '',
comment = '').reset_index().rename(
columns = {'index':'variable', 0:'types'}).to_csv('data_pm_china_10_17.csv',
                                                  index = False)
```



## Data table

| variable        | types   | label | source | comment |
|-----------------|---------|-------|--------|---------|
| city            | object  |       |        |         |
| year            | int64   |       |        |         |
| PM10            | int64   |Annual Average Concentration of PM10 (µg/m3) | CSY  |         |
| SO2             | int64   |Annual Average Concentration of SO2 (µg/m3)  | CSY  |         |
| NOx             | int64   |Annual Average Concentration of NOx (µg/m3)  | CSY  |         |
| pop_density     | float64 |Population Density (number of persons/sq.km) | CCSY |         |
| GRP_pc          | int64   |Regional GDP Per Capita (yuan)               | CCSY |         |
| second_industry | float64 |Percentage of 2nd Industry in GDP (%)        | CCSY |         |
| gas_supply      | int64   |Total Gas Supply (10000 m3)                  | CCSY |         |
| green_coveraged | float64 |Green Covered Area as % of Completed Area (%)| CCSY |         |
| post            | int64   |Dummy Variable (1 if year >= 2013*)|      |         |
| key_regions     | int64   |Dummy Variable (1 if city is belong to 3 key regions**)|        |         |

* Air Pollution Control and Action Plan was first implemented in 2013
** 3 key regions of the Action Plan are Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei (BTH), Yangtze River Delta (YRD) and Pearl River Delta (PRD).
